[Music]
Pay attention to what I'm going to put on because
this is very important and it's coming
next week, the 18th, okay, the 18th,
wait for me to look at the
next calendar because I don't usually know
what day I live on,
the 18th is not next week,
well, next week because today
would be Monday, assuming it's Monday
in half an hour, well, it would be next
Tuesday, this Tuesday, not next Tuesday,
next Tuesday, there's a
very important event in the
tweets community and I'm going to put the trailer on for you to
see it, okay, it's very nice, pay
attention,
wait, with the configuration, the office came
to appear, health
sounds, sounds, the stage has been worked on,
simoes, here the car picks us up,
blondes, euro, play to buy
[Music]
the first level, the level of the
squid game, but the squid is worth it,
eye, stabs,
money,
six days, six days, six days it lasts,
thinking about six days, there's no more left, six
days during this tournament, okay, this
tournament lasts for six days
150 content creators among which
I am among which I
am and I will last the first day not
the kids welcome
[Applause]
yes yes 150 players among which I
am
150 content creators among which I am
very important
sentimental is very important to be extreme
in tweets you know what tweets are you
know that I have a channel on twitter
also that for the kids tribal
where you can see it well from the
18th on twitter I will tell you the time
better but in my tweet streaming channel you
cannot support me in
any way just by seeing me
this is already my hands I will
be practicing I will be practicing
but oh well I hope there are not many
stairs hundreds of people reporting
nonsense and then the things
that fell on me down the stairs from me I hope there are
not many stairs try not to have
150 creators I have
put do you think that I will remain in that since you
think you can know have
confidence in me I will practice I will
practice family 73 that watching this series
will be clear
Yolanda I am in this series in  this
series well I can't say the rest of the
creators I do know who the rest
of the creators are okay because we're in a
group of albums that is more into
this visual idea me there all of you who
are in these I know who the other
149 are okay but well I could listen it's a
shame that there are no stairs I don't think there are
problems what does the position matter
man let's see the important thing is to
participate by name I promise you already
no jokes I promise you that I'm going to
train pretty hard no I'm not in a
hurry before listening to myself or I promise I
promise you that I'm going to give everything possible and I'm
going to train hard this week I'm going to train hard
this week and I'm going to
take it seriously okay I'm going to fight I'm
going to fight
and this is the succulent prize no
kings who will win the prize I would
love to have a time machine
and know who's going to win wow whoever
wins wow whoever wins family wow whoever
wins that week
that week I will be pretty focused
on the tournament okay I'm telling you because it
will be a little more disconnected from the
salsa and so on because  I have to
concentrate, it's six days, okay, these six
days and if there are a thousand things I can't do, if there
are a thousand things in the end everything goes
wrong, it's worth 100 thousand dollars, 100 thousand dollars
prize for the streamer who manages to
win
[Music]
a family
habit, they have the life experience of
beating up those kids, well, let's
see, I think we're the oldest one there,
but well, I'll do my
best, I promise that I'm going to
train hard
[Music]